HIP 70: Updates (#478)
helium/HIP: 0070-scaling-helium.md

In order to prepare for this change, however, we also propose a few necessary steps to enable this transition:

**Reduce the cooldown period of Staked Validators**

At the time of HIP approval, we propose that the cooldown for staked HNT in Validators (`stake_withdrawal_cooldown`, as defined by [HIP 25][HIP 25]) immediately be reduced on the Helium blockchain to 125,000 blocks (currently set at 250,000). This would effectively reduce the cooldown period to less than 3 months. Any existing staked HNT holder or mining pool operator can release their stake if they choose to do so. Note that this is a one time adjustment and does not affect the minimum veHNT lockup of 6 months as defined in [HIP 51][HIP 51]. Our goal for completing this migration is the end of this year (2022) at the earliest so this should provide sufficient time for current Validators to unstake before this deadline.

> At the time of transition a snapshot will be taken of the Helium blockchain state and any staked HNT will be immediately converted to veHNT with the minimum lockup period. This will also include any staked HNT that has not completed the full 125,000 blocks (as adjusted above) of cooldown. Validators who have completed cooldown will have their stakes released at the snapshot and will received unlocked HNT after the migration. This enables all staked HNT holders to continue to participate in the ecosystem by assigning their veHNT to a subDAO (IOT or MOBILE) in order to influence the DAO’s Utility Score, participate in new Subnetwork Proposals, or participate in overall governance of the Helium Network.

Author: ```suggestion
At the time of transition a snapshot will be taken of the Helium blockchain state in order to import account balances to the new L1. For any stake that has cooled down at least 125,000 blocks (as adjusted above), the full stake will be released back to the account owner.

Any remaining staked HNT will be immediately converted to veHNT with the minimum lockup period. This enables all staked HNT holders to continue to participate in the ecosystem by assigning their veHNT to a subDAO (IOT or MOBILE) in order to influence the DAO’s Utility Score, participate in new Subnetwork Proposals, or participate in overall governance of the Helium Network.
```
